From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hanselminutes our weekly discussion
with web developer and technologist
Scott Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan
announcing show number two 21.
Recorded live Thursday, July 9th, 2010. Support
for Hanselman it's just provided
by teller rad controls, the
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forms and asp.net
web applications online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this
episode of Hansel minutiae, Scott
talks with Dan Fernandez. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And this week
it's Hansel minutia. It's a
totally random show. And instead
of Richard Campbell today, we've got
Dan Fernandez who is a
dying of either the common
cold or the common flu.
How are you, Dan? I'm
doing good, thanks to modern
medicine and DayQuil, which clearly
overdosed. So I will be
just smiling and laughing today.
And by DayQuil you mean
like a fifth of vodka
or is this an actual
vehicle? I mean, actual DayQuil.
I love, I got to
say DayQuil is one of
those things that just works,
works on my body. So
I feel wonderful. I look
in a mirror and I
look more attractive. There's you
know, I just, I just
love it. You're already freakishly
tall. So I guess you
couldn't be any taller. Okay.
I seems like I've been
going to the gym, you
know, the whole works, man.
I there's something about Dateline
and don't get me started
on NyQuil. You know, if
you, if we ever need
to hibernate as a species,
all we need is a
nickel address and Yeah. NyQuil
is what they use when
you're, when you're doing long
time sleep. You know, if
you're going between star systems,
I think it was actually
featured in aliens or, or
they should have had some
nice product placement and thought
about it. Absolutely. All right.
So just because we're both
Microsoft employees and we're gonna
talk about random stuff, remember
that the show's not Microsoft
show and all this is
our opinions and if you
want anyone fired, get Dan
fired, but this is not
Microsoft talking. This is a
DayQuil inspired Dan and I'm
hopped up on about three
diet Cokes and it's not
yet nine. So certainly certainly
the disclaimer, disclaimer, blah, blah,
blah. So did you, did
you stand in line for
an iPhone four, Dan? You
know, I didn't, I I'm,
I have to say. And
maybe it's just cause I've
been playing with windows phone,
but I'm actually really excited
about windows phone seven. No,
are you serious? I mean,
you were only three minutes
into the thing and the
fan boy as I'm in
the Microsoft and whatnot has
already started up. Yeah. Well,
I mean, so I have
to say Clint and I
are lucky in that. We're
probably one of the only
people that have gotten to
use a windows phone and
you know, we, we go
and they flash the phone
with new OOS. And obviously
I can't say some of
the stuff on there, but
it's, it's just coming along
really well. And I think
the big thing is just
how nice it is to
program. Like being able to
program silver light is really
nice that the one web
app we're looking at doing,
or I'm looking at doing
for coding for fun is
the how to get out
of a bad date. It's
basically you set up the
phone and it'll fake a
ring and it'll fake the
color ID message. So, you
know, you can say like
bill Gates is calling and,
you know, have some phone
number, whatever. And it basically
looks exactly like the phone.
So, you know, based on
some timers, say, you know,
within three minutes, I want
you to start ringing or
vibrating or whatever your, your
phone happens to use. And
that way you can say
like, Oh geez, I got
to get out of this
meeting or, Oh, I gotta
get out of this bad
date. You know, bill Gates
is calling. But again, I
think it's just cause I'm
a, I'm a dev nerd
and several, it is really
cool. So, but that's why
I don't have an iPhone
four. So you're actually have
like a windows phone or
you're borrowing one or you
have borrowed one. No, we,
we have one from the
windows phone team it's kind
of shared between Clinton NY.
So we don't like our,
we only put in our
SIM like for demos and
stuff. Then my day to
day phone is, is an
old school windows when it
was windows mobile phone. But
we get to play with
a windows phone quite a
bit. Can you make a
call? Does that actually work?
I've never seen one actually
dial. Yeah. Yeah. I mean
the whole word you put
in your SIM trying to
make sure what other stuff
I, you know, there's stuff.
I can't say the whole
thing works. You know, there's
an interesting article on, on
MSDN. I will put this
in the show notes by
a guy named Jim Gallison
and he did this yesterday
and it's called a tale
of four frameworks and he
basically sits down and writes
the same trivial, but interesting
polygon application in four frameworks,
he does it in comm
and C plus plus ATL.
He then does it on
Android with the Android emulator
in Java. Then he does
it on a windows phone
and then he does it
as an active X control.
And it's, it's really, it's
really interesting. And he's got
the code for each of
them, like how to write
an X of X control
and what's good and what's
bad and all the active
X crap and he kind
of walks through the whole
thing, go, does it an
Android and does it in
Java and then walks through
doing it in XAML. And
he looks at the emulators
and he looks at the,
with the experiences like it
looks at the code and
then he shows you all
four of these applications, all
living next to each other
and basically has like a,
a chart talking about like,
well, how much code is
there and how complicated is
the IDE? And what's the
graphics and what are the
abstractions and low level for
comm mid-level for Android. And
high-level for server Lite. It's
pretty interesting. All the code
is available. So, so is
it pretty clear from that
article? Like, Hey, wow, this
is the easiest one. Or,
or, you know, this one
or It's tough because what
he's application does is it
draws a polygon and then
puts a circle around it.
So some languages are better
for that. Like that's one
line in Silverlight, but that's
not fair. Right? It's only
one line in, in Java.
It's like a couple of
lines in ATL. It's five
lines then of course it's
five lines to the polygon,
not, not the 40 different
files and bitmaps and resources
and IDL files and all
the other crap. But I
don't think that it's a
fair comparison, although it does
give you an idea of
what starting out a project
would be. The real question
would be like, you know,
write a Tetris game and
then go all out on
all four of them. But
I thought that was kind
of an interesting, interesting thing.
The real question will be,
will people start using people
will start using windows phone
if they can make money
on windows phone. Right? I
mean, ultimately that's how it
comes down to you. Like
if you look at the
TOB T I O B
E stuff that came out
last week, objective C a
TOB is a language ranking
system and they show you
like whether our language is
going up or going down
in popularity and objective C
is like way, way up
and objective C is hard
and not fun, but you
know, it can be hard,
not fun. I'll write it
in assembler. If it can
make me money, you know
what I mean? So if
you can make money, Probably
one of the challenges that
windows phone will have is
the developer store will be
awesome. The real question is
whether we can convince consumers
to buy the phone, cause
that's the, that's what developers
want as a target to
buy your application. So if
you can get them into
those consumers to buy the
phone, then you have a,
a target market. Yeah. You
know, there's a, there's an
article in a magazine called
the globe and mail. It's
a, I think it's an
English thing and they're listing
out a dead technology companies.
And the guy starts out
in this article saying that
Microsoft can now be added
to the list of defunct
companies like abandoned railroad lines.
He says that that the
$200 billion company is finished. Is
there a sarcasm or why?
No, he's totally, he's totally
serious. He says, it's like
working for a large bureaucracy
and no one wants to
work there. It's pretty sad.
That was kind of like,
I was like really sucks.
You read a lot of
this stuff. It makes you
mean, I don't know. The
thing is there's like Dan
as a Microsoft employee. And
again, this will be, I'll
be here almost three years
in October. It's it's cool
because you work here and
you're happy when we do
something cool, like, like natal,
which is now called connect.
The, the cool thing for
the Xbox. It lets you,
you know, our X-Box motion
control, but then we do
stuff like we start the
kin and then we kill
it in a day later.
And it just like, Oh
man, we're such a big
company. You're really excited one
day. And you really sad
the next day. Yeah. You
know, it's one of those
weird things where you kind
of do the roller coaster
on that company. It really
depends. I I'd probably say
outside the biggest complaints on
Microsoft and a lot of
these stories are, are, are
not so much on our
enterprise stuff, but really on
our consumer angle. Right? So
obviously on the windows mobile
front, we have a lot
to catch up on. You
know, you mentioned the, can
you look at people as
they train comparison to the
stuff that we're doing for
browsers, where they feel like,
Hey, you know, I nine
has a lot of catch
up work to do, but
then you look at the
other side, which is more
like our enterprise business. And
that enterprise business is booming.
I mean, you look at
SQL server in terms of
either sales or units, you
know, it's awesome. SharePoint is
our fastest billion dollar business
ever. Our dev tool business
is always great. Windows, seven
fastest licensing, fastest version of
windows that's ever sold ever.
So more licenses sold than
any other version of windows.
So it's not all bad.
And it just seems kinda
more of the doom and
gloom on some of the
consumer stuff, because that's really
what people end up seeing.
Yeah. People always accuse us
also of making a new
wheel. I found this article
called eight reasons for reinventing
the wheel. So that was
pretty cool. Cause we're always
like, Oh, you should stop
reinventing. The wheel. Engineers are
always reinventing the wheel, but
here are eight actual reasons
that it's appropriate for Microsoft
or someone else to make
the wheel. Like I am
a wheel engineer. My wheel
is better than your wheel,
right? This is also closely
related to the programming virtues
of laziness, inpatients and hubris.
These are the three programmer
virtues. Have you heard about
these? Well, I do know
The laziness and I don't
say them again and give
the overview Laziness. This is
the energy expenditure, right? The
first grade virtue of a
programmer and then an impatience.
This is a makes you
write programs that do stuff
because you know, the computer
is wrong. Therefore I'm in
patient. I will write myself
and then hubris, which has
excessive pride. They also, they
throw, this is the thing
that makes you write and
maintain programs that other people
would never write because you
think you can do it
better. Yeah. My version though
is going to be better.
Exactly. And then also boredom
is another good reason to
reinvent a new wheel. We
should send this to some
of the, some of the
bosses. Did you see the,
the new YouTube lean-back stuff?
No, it's the YouTube lean-back
stuff. So you know about
like 10 foot, they call
it a 10 foot interface.
This is when you, when
you want to watch TV
on your computer, like windows
media center, this is when
you lean back and just
let the videos play. So
if you go to youtube.com/lean
back, it's an all new
interface that is effectively like
YouTube TV. It just plays
YouTube videos from your preferences
and things that you might
like uses the arrow keys
on the keyboard and you
just have to lean back.
Yeah. It's new. It's interesting.
So I've, I've tried plugging
in my, my laptop with
HTMI and then just kind
of like letting it watch
and you know, it's as
horrible as you think it
would be. Cause it's just
totally random. Like first it
brought up that very nice
lady who sang with Michael Jackson
at his Memorial. And she
did like a thing of,
we are the world and
that was nice. Right. And
then it was the next,
the next thing was the
end credit themes to the
TV show Chuck. So I'm
like, okay. So I was
all like, Oh wow, this
is amazing. It's Judith Hill singing.
We are the world. That
was really so special. Thank
you, YouTube. And then the
lead then boom, next video.
The end credit themes of
Chuck. Yeah. You know, I
have to say, unfortunately, some
of these things and I'll
use TiVo as the other
example, especially if it's using
a, your prefaces and based
on what you vote, it
will unfortunately show you just
how boring a person you
actually are by, by, by
algorithms. Because what that's doing
is probably looking at your
ratings, looking at your favorites.
People also liked, and TiVo
used to do this where,
where people would get upset
where, you know, they'd rate
some shows. And then all
of a sudden their TiVo
would record suggested videos that
were, you know, terrible. It's
like, no, I, I, I
don't like watching chick flicks.
Why, why you telling me
this? Just because I like
tech guy for the regular
guy, That's exactly what happens.
My TiVo still thinks I'm
gay three years later from
watching some, some, some stuff.
Not that there's anything wrong
with that. I just, you
know, it's like bad TiVo,
bad TiVo. Yeah, exactly. But
it's a, it's a, unfortunately,
when we, when we see
ourselves reflected by technology, by
an algorithm, it is a,
is a horrible image to
see. Yeah. I don't know
why this shoe channel keeps
coming up. I'm kind of
somehow it thinks that that's
appropriate. I don't know why.
Yeah. It's a problem. But
a youtube.com/lean lean back. One
of the exciting things that
I have to say is,
and, and I think it's
going to happen really soon
that it's gonna change everything.
Is everything really being online.
So if you saw the
announcement Hulu plus is there,
there, you know, prime time
shows NBC, ABC, I believe
CVS too is going to
be available as a subscription
for nine 95 a month.
You can watch, you know,
instant shows. You don't have
to wait everything's available in
their archive and they're going
to have like connections for
X-Box and I've never felt
it. Yeah. I have this
high, a buddy of mine
who works at Hulu hooked
me up. Oh really? So
tell me about this. Cause
so here's the thing. If
you have this and say
Netflix, why at that point
you don't really need say
a Comcast cable. Hi, this
is Scott. I just want
to remind you guys that
there's no show without a
sponsor. Someone who's got to
pay for all this bandwidth.
And the more popular the
show becomes. The more important
is that we thank our
sponsors folks like Tellerik I
wanna let you guys know
that Tellerik has got a
pretty cool deal going between
June 1st, 2010 and August 31st, 2010. Any interested
listener, just send an email
to podcast@telleriktlerik.com mentioned Hansel minutes
and they will reply. And
they'll give you a special
$50 off coupon code. So
just remember podcast at
dot com mentioned Hansel minutes,
$50 off. This goes until
August 31st, 2010 and big thanks again
for the folks at Tellerik
for believing in our show
and for continuing to help
pay for our expenses. Well,
so here's the thing, right?
So I have this and
it lets you watch. So
there's Hulu, which is, we
know what Hulu is and
who lets you watch like
the last couple of episodes
of a show. So if
I want to watch, like
one of the shows I'm
watching now is called modern
family. I want to watch
modern family. Hulu will show
me the last five episodes
for free. I don't need
to pay anyone to see
the last five episodes. If
I want the entire season,
I paid 10 bucks to
Hulu plus. Now here's the
part that school, it's not
10 bucks for the entire
season of that one show.
It's 10 bucks for the
entire season of their entire
library of shows. So it's
like the entire season of,
you know, like all five
seasons of lost or whatever.
And there's like dozens and
dozens and dozens of shows,
including shows you've forgotten, you
know, shows that were canceled.
You want to watch like
all 12 million seasons of arrested
development or whatever it's available
and you can watch it
on your phone, on your
PlayStation. They say, it'll be
on Xbox next year. Yada
yada yada. All right. So
the question is, is a
purchase by show, not a
subscription. No, no, it's, it's
a lease. It's kind of
like zoom. I can watch
all seven. I don't know
how many episodes, all seven
seasons of lost. Anytime I
want, as long as I
pay them 10 bucks a
month, I can't download it.
Okay. So it's like, well,
I guess that's what I
meant is it's more like
Netflix subscription model. It's all
you can need so long
as you pay the monthly
bill. Right? Exactly. Like the
person that I always compare
it to, to Brad Wilson,
you know, Brad Wilson on
the asp.net team. Whenever I
go over to his house,
he has this amazing DVD
collection and he has ripped
everything. He loves to buy
TV shows. He rips everything
onto a giant, super multi
terabyte server and then runs
it all through Apple TV.
So if you want to
watch a key, he showed
me, he has every single
episode of the West wing
and he's done the work
though. I mean, he ripped
it. He organized the titles,
he made the, the album
art, you know, it's exquisite,
but it represents a lot
of effort, but I can
do that just by, just
by paying, by paying someone
else, 10 bucks to do
it, and then I can
stream it whenever. So like
to your point, the work
has been done. I don't
have to worry about backing
it up. I don't have
to think about the psychic
weight associated with those files,
living on a hard drive
somewhere and worrying about if
they're backed up and maintained
and not corrupted in et
cetera, et cetera. So, yeah,
it's pretty cool. This is
cool. I didn't, I didn't
know yet Hulu plus would
you, would you recommend it?
Would you say like, yes,
this is the thing to
do. Cause I mean, the
way I look at it
is as a Netflix subscriber,
I have a Roku and
I absolutely love it. In
fact, you know, it's funny,
you mentioned arrested development. I
was just watching season three
of arrested development the other
day on my TV and
absolutely loved it. And I'm
just wondering why I would
need a cable or subscription
if Hulu plus is good
enough. So the reason is
that in my opinion, is
that there's some show you
can't get. And the, the,
the thing is that I
am having trouble because I
can't get Dexter, which is
on Showtime and I can't
get what's the other show
on true blood on HBO.
So those two shows I
can't get, I have to
wait until later when they
come out on DVD, which
is torturous clearly. So if
I have, I torrent them,
I don't know about people
who are listening, but if
I, or some theoretical Hanselman
out there where to try
and something like this, of
course, I would never advocate
doing something like that. The
theoretical Hanselman there's, We're talking
about a theoretical Hansman. If
some theoretical Hanselman were to
do that and then were
to theoretically get a cease
and desist order from his
ISP and was told, this
is something that you need
to stop doing, or we
will shut you down. I
don't know how people successfully
torn anything anymore. ISP don't
like that. And they always
get, take down orders from
the content owner. Right? So
if you decide to go
and watch an HBO show,
they will find you, I
mean, at the end of
the middle of suing, all
those people who took the
hurt locker. Hmm, no, I
didn't know. You know about
that, the hurt locker movie,
the directors and the people
who own the hurt locker
have decided to basically not,
not Sue the ISP, not
Sue the holsters, but there's
showing the actual half million
people who downloaded the, the
movie itself. So seriously. I
mean, the thing is, I
think you and I are
getting to is that if
it's a buck or 10
bucks or whatever for an
entire season or many, many
seasons of something, just pay
the money. Well, I mean,
the way I look at
it is if you could
get, say Dexter and true
blood as another option, let's
say it was just $20
to have available online any
time and through your TV
at any time I guarantee
you'd pay it. Yeah. I
mean, we technically are paying
it through Comcast. I think
that the area that gets
me really excited is being
able to watch anytime, anywhere,
any device. I could imagine
that the Hulu plus back
to the mobile scenario, the
Hulu plus, where I can
pull up say modern family
and watch an episode, you
know, while I'm commuting on
a plane or something else
to me, that plane is
a internet connection. Speaking of
that, here's the other thing
it's in the cloud and
that's wonderful and that's magical
except no one ever considers
bandwidth, right? It's just not
reasonable to watch an hour
long TV show over 3g.
Hulu plus has enabled over
3g except at, and T
has kept the bandwidth now
two to two gigs, and
then you have to start
paying after that. So the
idea that I could be
like hanging out at the
local Starbucks, maybe I could
do that. I could use
their wifi, but if I'm
out and about, I can't
really do that in my
experience, traveling all over the
world, bandwidth is a huge
problem. So I'm not sure
what, what magical world that
they imply that we're going
to be living in, that
I'm going to have awesome
bandwidth at every hotel, Same
outside of us in Western
Europe. You're you're absolutely right.
I remember in being in
Cairo having to go to
the computer room, cause there
were no internet connections in
the, in the room. Exactly,
exactly. It's sitting in the
business center. And then when
you, of course you can't
watch any of these shows
cause they're, they're shut down.
People who are listening from
the U S are like
Hulu, what the heck is
that? We don't have DVRs.
It's a, it seems perfect.
They always have the, you
know, some random guy in
a nice suit on a
subway looking at his iPad.
And I mean, I can't
even get a text message
out on the subway. There's
just no way. Very true.
Very true. I think it
let me pre downloaded ahead
of time maybe, but still,
Well, I think in that
case, like a lot of
times on the, on the
iPad, just to be fair
is that they've downloaded the
video. I'm assuming that they
have, but features like Hulu
plus don't let you do
that. Yeah. Yeah. If you
could find some way to
basically make a secure download,
that would be another area
that would be great where
you could just basically take
your videos with you, you
know, back to some developer
stuff. I, one of the
examples that I had done
before was downloading YouTube videos
just so I could take
them with me like, Hey,
wow, this is, you know,
I want to see the
top 10 videos this month
or whatever, subscribe to that
feed and be able to
take them with me. And
by take them with me.
I mean, being able to
convert the flash video into
say MP4 or a WMD
and sync them to, you
know, say your Zune or
your PC or whatever. Yeah.
Do you, do you struggle
keeping you have multiple devices?
Like I've got an old
iPod, an 80 gig iPod,
I've got a Zune HD,
I've got an iPhone, I've
got a Zune eight gig.
I've got a deal with
iTunes. I've got to deal
with June and I've got
to deal with MP3s that
I ripped earlier. How do
you manage all that? Yeah.
So I do have the
same problem. Most of my
stuff, is it non DRM?
But I do, like I
had stuff that I had
purchased say on iTunes, you
know, years and years ago
that is still DRM protected
and you know, iTunes, at
least the nice thing it
comes up with, Hey, give
us $200 and we'll convert
the licenses for your old
content. Yeah. Yeah. And there's
obviously the cost depends on
how much music you have
or old music that you
purchase. But the idea is
then that content can kind
of go with you anywhere.
That's pretty frustrating. I mean,
I have had a number
of times when the, the,
the act of just buying
is difficult on an, on
any and all of these
different systems, then I kind
of go, well, gosh, where
did that file go? I've
I've lost the file. Or
then I realized that it's
D it's it's DRM. Once
I realized that I'm actually,
I don't know, it's kind
of a stupid, I should
probably just pick one, I
guess, is what I'm saying.
I like, there's a couple
of different things I've been
listening to lately. I've been
listening to this artist named
Janell Monae and I, I
got her album and then
I grabbed my, my iPhone
and jumped in the car
and then realized that I
downloaded it on Zune and
I hadn't got my Zune
yet. So then that I
was like, well, you know,
what do I buy it
on? How do I just,
I just want my fricking
music. You know what I
mean? I ended up listening
to it on Pandora. Yeah,
I know. I absolutely, you
know, I, I actually tried
Amazon's MP3 purchasing system. Yeah.
It works. I mean, it
works pretty well. The idea
was, Hey, well, I can
get an MP3, not have
to worry about stuff. And
they had, in some cases,
you know, for random music
and by random, I mean,
I, if some like old
school punk rock music, they
had better selection. So I
was able to download it,
did download, it, brings up
and ask you to download
or to use their downloader
tool. You use their downloader
tool and then it dumps
it into place. And, you
know, I'm like looking for
this font. I can't even
find it, but like, that's
probably one of the frustrating
things. And then I had
to copy it over to
the specific directories for the
Zune or the specific directories
for an iPhone, and actually
add that, you know, those,
those files or that file
folder. It really isn't as
integrated as, as I would
want to be. But you
know, with windows phone coming
out, I'm looking to standardize.
If you will, on, on
a Zune, I'd love to
standardize on something. But, but
I, it doesn't change the
fact that I've got like
32 gigs of everything I've
ever owned and ripped from
the first CD that I've
owned, you know, going back
a long way. Do you
have them as a DRM
version or is it just
MP3? I guess they are
MP3s is just spread all
over creation with bad tags
and unknown, unknown this and
unknown that, you know, y'all
just, people always say that,
Oh yeah, I've got my
collection fully tidy and everything
like that. I've got all
of my all album art,
but they only have a
couple of hundred albums. When
you, when you start getting
into album hoarding, it's really,
you have to take, you
have to take time off
work. If you really want
to get your album stuff
set up. What was in
it? Do you remember the
name of the service? Cause
I remember you had given
me the recommendation years ago,
the service to automatically report.
Yeah. Rip digital rip digital.com
is actually how I started.
Well, I, I would suggest
to probably outsource that, that
model for, for managing and
then have them give you
that, give you a, the
disk act. Cause they give
you eight DVDs full of
That's hard. That's hard core.
I could get it. I
could get an assistant who
would go and clean up
like a human. I would
do a mechanical Turk style.
Hey, speaking of assistance, did
you know that James James, James
sr, who works in DP?
Do you know that he
has a virtual assistant? No.
No it does. He had
the year men in India.
He has, I think it's,
I'm checking here. It's called
time saver. And I think
it's time SVR. Yeah, here
it is. T I M
S vr.com. Apparently it's hip
to drop vowels. So he,
he pays for time-saver personal
that says unlimited basic tasks,
24, seven service by phone,
email, web or Skype. And
I was like, well, what
do you, what do you
possibly have to get done?
I tease him because he's
also English, which, which is
fun. Cause it's fun to
teach English people with their
accents and David . He
was moving and he was
in China, but he was
moving from one place in
Seattle to another place in
Seattle. And he had his
guy at time-saver go and
research movers, get quotes, put
all the quotes into an
Excel sheet and like build
some charts and graphs describing
which of these was the
best. Then once they decided
it, he scheduled the time
with the, with the guy
and basically this gentlemen somewhere
overseas, I don't know where
did all this work for
him? And I was like,
really? I don't really think
I'd feel comfortable having a
random guy in another country,
pick, pick my mover. And
you know, I mean, cause
he has to know everything,
isn't know your address and
where, where you hit the
key and just all this
kind of stuff swears by
it. He says, it's the
greatest thing he's ever done
to save time is to,
to hire these guys. He
had them send flowers to
his girlfriend on their anniversary.
Yeah. The, the, I know
a similar service it's called
your man in india.com. Oh,
I thought you were just
being like, I don't know.
I thought that was being
offensive. It's an actual thing.
Yeah. And so there's a
book by a guy named
Timothy Ferris four hour work
week. Yeah. I had him
on the show. Yeah. I
met him at, at a
food camp. Super interesting guy,
but moral of the story
is, you know, he talks
about like outsourcing a lot
of your life and, and
you know that you're spending
your time most your time
doing, you know, menial work
or, or something that somebody
else can do. Say for
example, you take a day
off of work to clean
up your, your music for
example. But he mentioned your
man in India just cause
the cost is so cheap
from say, you know, doing
presentations to, you know, in
fact, you know, you go
to their homepage, there's a
service category and you just
find a ton of stuff
that they'll do for you
from, you know, buying sporting
tickets to just basically helping
you manage your life. It's
funny, all the commercials for
these always make it seem
like the only thing that
people who would buy and
pay for an assistant would
do, would be like buying
tickets to the opera or
something like that. You know,
like, you know, I don't
feel like going to Ticketmaster.
I'll have, I'll have someone
do that. Well, you know,
I don't want people to
know that I'm buying tickets
for the Justin Bieber concert
and easiest way to do
it. There's nothing. There's nothing
wrong with that. Yes, exactly.
It is. It is my
lifestyle choice. I think Justin,
Bieber's a perfect place to
end our random show and
we'll see how many listeners
we lost this this week.
Okay, perfect. That's very cool.
Thanks so much. Dan Fernandez
for chatting with me on
a Hansel minutia this week
on Hansel minutes.